Skin resurfacing refers to
any procedure that removes
the top layer of the skin
so that it is replaced by new,
healthier, smoother-looking skin.
Resurfacing improves the health
and appearance of skin that is
scarred or damaged by acne,
the sun, or chemicals.
In microdermabrasion,
tiny crystals polish the skin
for an overall fresh,
healthy-looking glow.
Any skin resurfacing procedure
achieves smoother, younger-looking skin
with fewer wrinkles.
Regular use of moisturizers
and lotions containing lanolin,
a natural oil,
and no fragrances,
helps to keep skin youthful.
The effects of skin resurfacing
can last from months to years.